um, simple words of advice for me, for someone to understand, to get to
know their bosses would be to listen. Listen, in the observant again,
you will be able to see the things they do. You hear the things
that they talk about, and as time goes on, they will open up to you
about the things that they like to do, the things that they like to
talk about. And that would be your opportunity. Teoh, you know, find
some common area that you guys share. I like fishing. So chances are
if we walk by, we were walking and you were a subordinate of man and
we're walking by. I say, I don't know efficient pollen or something.
You might hear me say something like, You know, I wish I had a ride
or something. I could go fishing right now and that will be your
opportunity. It's simple and subtle. Things like that. Uh, just listen
and observe